fix: remove cosine similarity field with false assignment (#835)
docarray/docarray: docs/advanced/document-store/redis.md

@price:[-inf {max_price}] @color:{color} @stock:[1 1]
```

> Then the search with the proposed filter can be used as follows. Note: For Redis, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'score'`.

Reviewer: same here, if we add Note we should add it properly, otherwise remove `Note`

> Then the search with the proposed filter can be used as follows. Also, it is noted, that for Redis, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'score'`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then the search with the proposed filter can be used as follows. Note: For Redis, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'score'`.
```
